we've had two amazing days in the ALPHAN
top back country yesterday we just had
some like really deep cow skin and a
little bit in and out on the Sun and
today we had the full blue so we got to
go after some bigger lines and yeah I
just turned into such a such a fun day
we skied a couple things I've been
looking at for a couple years and got a
little dicey in a couple spots but all
in all we had a really fun safe day and
and yeah it's one of the one of my best
days ever the fact that were here at
alcohol
one of the lines that have a ski today
I've been looking at for three four
years and not sure it's been skied but
we call it the higher Traverse it was
just this long exposed kind of side kind
of diagonal line it's a lot like a line
that in the Blackcomb backcountry that
people are skiing asian something or
other
later on ski to line off kind of Bryant
peak and actually had a pretty close
call the snow came down behind me a
little faster dog expecting cuff Slough
slide and I got a bump in the back and
accelerated me which turned out okay but
definitely football